(DOCSP-27945) Bearer Auth: Client API Keys & Throughput (#354)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/data-api/authenticate.txt

        }
      }'

> In general, bearer authentication with an access token has higher

Reviewer: seems you're using the exact text in this paragraph 4 times. should it just be an include?

throughput and is more secure than credential headers. Use an access

> token over credential headers when possible. The token lets you run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
token instead of credential headers when possible. The token lets you run
```

Reviewer: applies to other instances of this text as well.
